/* TIPS:
1. If WA comes and you are sure about the solution, then check the constraints.
   define int long long int in these cases. Also check whether you put == in if statment and not =
2. If too many people have solved a question you are stuck on, then always remember: The solution is
   100% easy and you need to calm down and think EASY, nothing complicated.
3. Read the question again after getting two wrong submissions. You are 100% missing something important
   in the question.
4. If TLE comes in question, then check if one of the test cases generate infinite output.
   It will give TLE.
5. For graph questions, always condense questions in smaller subparts like for n*m rectangle take 1*2
   small parts. They will cling together to give final optimal answer.
6. If question looks unsolvable from front, try going from back. Works mostly from the back.
7. Stuck on implmentation? Think and then implement Data Structures that best fit the q like stacks,queue.
*/
---Problem 1717 C - it is always solvable to B and C ,dont give up by initial time fear.Try take time dont care about positive negative rating changes
8. If something bound is given like maximum 10 different character.Bitmastking should strike for some time.
9. if binary string is talking about or something 1-0 then bit manipulation should strike to the mind for sometime.
10. For patter/constructive questions don't go for arbitrary cases.Try to generalize expression or the problem.
11. If question asks for No. of desird then we should think of (total - no. of undesired).
12. It is always good practice to rearrage expressions in case of mathmatical questions.
13. When problem ask for something all x , such l<=x<=r . We should think of compute for(r) - compute for (l-1).
14. See the constraits helps to either go fo dp /recursion or simple constructive/binary search.
15. Always run/try obvious cases if not given in test case before submitting. //900 C wrong on 51.
16. While thinking of combinatronics , also think a bit about dp. ---->> 1829 H
17. if you are going to write code just thinking a bit ,make sure to  atleast verify test cases in case you haven't.
18. Always try to write obvious cases first before writitng whole code.And try to consider border cases always.
19. If brute force seem to work then please try to optimise.It may get stuck while coding.
20. If something talked about from back, we can think of opposite.Reverses and start from front.
21. if you are going to minimize something make habit of take min = INF first.
