Computer network is set of nodes connected by communication links.

Video No. 2 


Computer Networks: Basic Characteristics of Computer Networks
Topics discussed:
1) Fault tolerance in Computer Networks.
2) Scalability in Computer Networks.
3) Quality of Service (QoS) in Computer Networks.
4) Security in Computer Networks.

1) Fault tolerance in Computer Networks : Ability to 
  --continue working despitle failures
  --ensure no loss of service 
2) Scalability in Computer Networks : Ability to 
  --to grow based on the need.
  --have good performance after growth.
3) Quality of Service (QoS) in Computer Networks : Ability to 
  -- set priorities 
  -- manage data traffic to reduce data loss and delay.
4) Security in Computer Networks : ability to prevent 
  -- unauthorized access 
  -- misuse
  -- forgery 
  And, ability to provide 
  -- confidentiality 
  -- integrity 
  -- availability
  
Video No. 3 and 4

Computer Networks: Network Protocols and Communications in Computer Networks
Topics discussed:
1) Data Communication.
2) Simplex Data Flow.
3) Half Duplex Data Flow.
4) Duplex Data Flow.
5) Protocols in Computer Networks.
6) Unicasting, Multicasting, and Broadcasting.


Video No. 5 

Computer Networks: Components of a Computer Network (Nodes , Media , Services ) 
Topics discussed:
1) End Nodes and Intermediary Nodes.
2) Wired Medium – Ethernet Cable, Fiber Optic Cable, Coaxial Cable, and USB Cable
3) Wireless Medium – Infrared, Radio Waves, Microwaves, Satellite Waves.
4)Various services offered by Computer Networks.

Video No. 6 

Computer Networks: Classification of Computer Networks
Topics discussed:
1) Local Area Network (LAN).
2) Metropolitan Area Network (MAN).
3) Wide Area Network (WAN).
4) New Trends in Computer Network.

LAN main devices : switches, hub.
MAN main devices : switchs,hub + routers/bridges.

Video No. 7 

Computer Networks: Network Topologies in Computer Networks
Topics discussed:
1) Network Topology.
2) Physical and Logical Topology.
3) Bus Topology.
4) Ring Topology.
5) Star Topology. 
6) Mesh Topology.
7) Hybrid Topology.

Video No. 8 

Computer Networks: Network Topologies in Computer Networks
Topics discussed:
1) Revision of various network topologies.
2) Problems on finding out the number of cable links and ports.
3) Problems on network topologies.

Video No. 9 

Computer Networks: Basics of IP Addressing in Computer Networks
Topics discussed:
1) Basics of IP addressing.
2) Command to see IP address in the real device.
3) An activity to identify the valid and invalid IP addresses.

Video No. 10 

Computer Networks: Basics of MAC Addressing in Computer Networks
Topics discussed:
1) Basics of MAC addressing.
2) Difference between IP Address and MAC Address.
3) Command to see MAC address in the real device.

Video No. 11

Computer Networks: Basics of Port Addressing in Computer Networks
Topics discussed:
1) Basics of Port addressing.
2) Source port numbers and destination port numbers.
3) How to see Port numbers in the real device?

Video No. 12

Computer Networks: Switching Techniques in Computer Networks
Topics discussed:
1) Switching or Network Switching.
2) Circuit Switching.
3) Message Switching.
4) Packet Switching.
5) Datagram versus Virtual circuit approach in packet switching.

Video No. 13

Computer Networks: Layering in Computer Networks
Topics discussed:
1) Layering.
2) Benefits of layering.
3) Layered Architectures.
4) Introduction to OSI reference model
5) Introduction to TCP/IP model.

Video No. 14
  
